Retry connection on height mismatch (#2474)
nspcc-dev/neofs-node: CHANGELOG.md

- Double voting for validators on IR startup (#2365)
- Skip unexpected notary events on notary request parsing step (#2315)
- Session inactivity on object PUT request relay (#2460)

> - Missing connection retries on IR node startup whe the first configured mainner RPC node is not in sync (#XXX)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Missing connection retries on IR node startup when the first configured mainnet RPC node is not in sync (#2474)
```

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: but what about "mainner"? isn't it "mainnet"?

Author: Ouch. Fixed.

Reviewer: 🥺

Author: Maybe now?

Author: Maybe now?
